Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org
Come on.
Shit.
Hey. Skipper. You ready?
You ready? You ready?
Holy shit.
Hey. Barnhill.
- Oh. shit. They got you too?
- Oh. hey. Yeah.
You gotta go
without me.
- Not a chance.
- Patient is coding.
You hear that?
- He's crashing.
- Hey. you with me?
We gotta get outta here.
Let's get him on the monitors.
Vital signs?
165.
His sats are on 83%
and dropping.
He's still hypoxic.
hypotensive.
and tachycardic.
He could be bleeding
internally.
We cannot let his O2 sat
drop any further.
- Grab the invasive cannula.
- Starting IV fluid. Running wide open.
Let's repeat vitals
every two minutes.
In a stunning turn of events.
first man on Mars
and former ujunaut
Lee Jung-Gil.
recently charged
with Mars's first homicide.
has broken out of custody
and is being harbored
at a nearby base
controlled by the independent
spacefaring nations
known as ISN.
It appears the daring escape
from peacekeeper custody
was planned
by a radical group
calling themselves
the Sons and Daughters of Mars.
Tensions between
ISN and the M-6 nations
have grown increasingly fraught
over the dispute
for access to iridium.
most recently between India
and Pakistan.
both nuclear powers.
India's economy
has far outpaced Pakistan's
due to its iridium fuel
technology sector.
In a statement.
ISN commander Jiang Hua
accused the M-6
of persecuting
political refugees
such as Lee Jung-Gil.
a clear attempt
to embarrass their rival.
The United States
and the Soviet Union.
along with the other
M-6 countries. have called an
emergency meeting in Budapest
to address this latest
ISN flare-up.
Your department failed
in every way.
And now. people are
talking about him
like he's some sort of a hero.
Sir. I agree
it was a massive failure.
and I'm still not sure
where our protocols went wrong.
but they clearly did go wrong.
The good news is. um.
he's now secure in medbay.
and we have a guy on him.
Ed Baldwin
with an ankle monitor.
Almost in diapers.
Leading it all.
Sir. look...
...I know it's bad.
but we have made more arrests.
Silvio Costa too.
- The one that got shot.
- Yes. sir.
So you have locked up
the two people that already
needed medical attention.
We are tracking anyone
who has had anything
to do with this. We...
Do you have any idea
what kind of pressure
my husband is under?
Uh. ma'am. I do.
- And rest assured we are...
- Find everybody who was involved.
We must maintain control.
or you and I are both done.
Yes. sir.
Now.
Mm-hmm.
Come on. come on. take it easy.
- Just leave her alone. dude.
- Right this way.
Fuck. man.
You can't just hold us
like this for no reason.
Sir.
Uh. sir?
Yeah. you got a minute?
A minute.
- It's about Colonel Lee.
- You got something?
Sir. it's like I...
I was trying
to tell you before.
I think it's very possible
we pinned Yoon's murder
on the wrong person.
I didn't know what the hell
you were talking about then.
and I still don't.
I think perhaps
we were rash in charging Lee
with the homicide.
So you think it wasn't the guy
that just orchestrated
the breakout.
Who did it then?
I don't know. but I think
Kuragin might be involved.
They're covering something up
with these cargo shipments.
I'm not sure what. but...
So let me get this straight.
You're suggesting that
I go to the governor and say.
"Don't worry about Lee
breaking out of custody. sir.
He didn't do it.
Oh. and by the way.
we don't know who did do it.
but that's okay
because Celia Boyd.
who's only here
because she fucked things up
so bad Earthside
she had to go seek
employment elsewhere
in the solar system.
has a hunch."
Yeah.
I read your file.
I read all about your hunches
and your due diligence.
and where it's led you.
That was. uh...
that was different.
Oh. was it now?
You convinced
a superior officer
to break protocol
so you could go undercover.
and a cop gets shot.
Sounds pretty reckless to me.
My suggestion?
Focus on the people
hijacking hoppers and taking
out your fellow peacekeepers.
because there's gonna be
a whole lot more unrest
around here if you don't.
Can I count on you to do that?
- Sure.
- What's that?
Yes. sir.
What do you mean very advanced?
The cancer was initially
confined to the bladder.
but it has progressed
and metastasized
to the lungs and bones.
I thought he passed out
in the hopper...
...and now
you're telling me. what?
He's... he's...
Do you have his scans?
Yes.
The white areas
are the lesions.
How could you keep this
from me. Dima?
It was your father's wish.
I could not betray his trust.
He's been very stubborn.
Didn't want the radiation
therapy.
It would have made him
very weak. and...
Wait. so he's refusing
treatment?
Yes.
How long does he have?
It could be months.
It could be weeks.
So you basically
have no fucking idea.
I'm sorry.
Don't apologize.
Your father did himself
no favors. putting that stress
on his body.
Flying after
I specifically told him under
no circumstances to do so.
I'll have to keep him here
to closely monitor
his blood flow.
keep him comfortable.
Let's see how
the next few days go.
and then we'll have
a better sense.
But Kelly. I must be clear.
this is a critical time.
Where's Alex?
Alex?
Alex.
Kuragin knows
about Titan?
I don't understand.
How could they have found out?
No. I... I gotta go.
I'll call you later.
Here you go.
Ms. Rosales.
Thanks.
And now it looks like
fucking Kuragin is going to
launch for Titan in six weeks.
If there's life up there.
they'll be on
their way back with it
before we've even launched.
Only reason they're launching
that fast
is if they know
what could be up there.
How did they find out?
We don't know.
Maybe they have
a probe in orbit
that picked up something.
They're clearly
spying on you. Aleida.
Guess it wouldn't be
the first time.
Oh. well.
- Can you move up your launch date?
- Mm-mmm.
Launching that
far outside the window.
our delta-v is way too high.
We'd have to burn all our prop
just to get to Titan
before they do.
and we wouldn't have anything
left to slow us down
to enter Titan's orbit.
Not if you use the drag
from Titan's atmosphere
to slow you down.
Yeah. we thought
about aerobraking.
But the human transport ships
weren't designed to do that.
And we don't have time
to build a new ship.
Well...
...maybe you don't need to.
- What do you mean?
- You know what I mean.
You helped design her.
Sojourner 1?
Mm-hmm.
She's been gathering dust
for 20 years.
So have we.
I mean...
If we could retrofit
a mark 9 fusion reactor...
- Add a few plasma engines...
- We'd have to beef up her heat shield.
And test her
structural integrity.
The g's from aerobraking
will be at least four times
what they were on Mars.
Maybe it could work.
- No margin for error.
- Nope.
Which is why
you have to go up there.
No. I can't go to Mars.
Nobody knows that ship
like you do.
Look. any problems
that come up.
I can work from down here.
Once they trickle down to you.
If they trickle down to you.
It's not a good time.
Never is.
I can't leave Graciana.
She's in a really
tough place right now.
She's gonna do
what she's gonna do.
Whether you're here or not.
No. there's no way.
There's so much
going on right now.
I can't just disappear.
Delegate.
I didn't want to delegate
to you at first.
But it was one of the
best things that I ever did.
And I've only
ever made good decisions.
- Come on. keep it moving.
- I told you
I don't know anything.
God. what a nightmare.
More and more like home.
I never thought
that it could happen here.
Have you heard from him at all?
Any contact?
- Ow. You're hurting me.
- Come on.
Come on.
Listen. Moon.
I gotta go.
but try to stay strong. okay?
- Thank you.
- Thank you for the tea.
Hey.
- Hey. babe.
- Oh.
How's your grandpa?
He's okay.
Did they figure out
what was happening?
He's fine.
- Yeah? Is he still under?
- It's like this
all over the base. or um...
Um...
I mean. woodpeckers
are just arresting
people everywhere.
I heard Gerardo's out.
and Ronnie. But I think
some of the others
are still in there.
It's so fucked up.
It's crazy how much
your grandpa saw this coming.
More people should've listened.
Come on.
Here.
Easy. Sit tight.
I'm gonna get some water
from the stream.
Hey. Skipper.
You ready?
W-Wait. Wait.
Wait. No. no. no.
Come on. guys. No.
You don't have to
do this. okay?
Please. Wait. wait. wait.
Wait. wait. wait. Okay? Don't.
Please don't. Please...
No. No. Oh. no. No.
Oh. no.
- They shot him.
- No. Dad.
- Dad. Dad. No. no. no.
- They shot him.
I couldn't save him.
I couldn't...
I couldn't get to him.
- No. No. you did. Dad.
- They shot him.
No. Dad.
Dad. you got Lee
to the ISN base.
Dad. he's there. He's safe.
You're okay.
Oh.
I can't be here.
No. no. no.
What are you...
Where are you going?
- I gotta get outta here.
- Dad. you just need to lay down.
- You can't go anywhere. No. No. no. stop.
- What's all this shit?
- Get off of me.
- You can't go right now. Dad. no.
- Need help?
- Hey. who the hell is he?
No. it's okay. Please. just...
- Just give us a minute.
- Who the hell are you?
- Hey. let go of me!
- Let him go! Please.
Easy.
That's better. That's better.
Dad. Dima told me
what's going on.
I'm not sure why you kept
it from me. but I reached out
to Doctor Ash Karlan.
She's one of
the top oncologists.
This.
What?
This is why I didn't tell you.
Dad. listen.
Okay. there's new research.
Nanoparticles can help strengthen
radiation sensitivity.
- Oh. for fuck's sake.
- She's been using it on her patients.
- She's been having incredible success.
- Just stop. Please stop.
I'm just trying
to help you. Dad.
Then leave me alone.
Lots of stuff
has been scavenged.
And as you can see.
most of the flight computer
and guidance hardware
is missing.
No. Stuart. I can't see.
I can just see
your fucking face.
Not that big
of a concern for me.
- I probably got more...
- ...computing power
in my Newton
than this entire spacecraft.
You're not even
remotely close enough.
- Main throttles look okay.
- God fucking damn it.
And the trim controls
are intact.
Point the camera over there.
Babe. come on...
...your pasta's getting cold.
- Come on.
- Sorry. I just...
Can't see anything? We know.
I need confirmation
that all parts
of the hull are intact
because they don't manufacture
them anymore.
and there aren't spare ones
just lying around.
But I can't really tell
from Stu's shitty vidmail.
and I've sent
like 40 messages to Walt
asking for a clearer one.
but they still
haven't sent it yet.
so I'm stuck trying
to figure it out
from that blurry piece of crap.
Okay. calm down.
I don't think you took a breath
that entire sentence.
No one in the history of
the world has ever calmed down
because someone told them to.
Mmm. Don't they have engineers
up there who could figure
this out?
Not anyone who really
knows the ship.
God.
She's gonna say.
"I told you so."
Who's "she"?
She is Margo.
I love Margo.
She was saying that...
I should go up there
and rehab the ship.
since I know Sojourner best.
As if I can just up
and take a business trip
to Mars.
I really love Margo.
You know. it's. uh...
It's not the worst idea.
You always talk about
how frustrated you are
that the board fights you
on investing on your search
for life programs.
Yeah. you should
have front row seat.
No. eff that.
You should be driving.
But if I stay until they land
on Titan. that could be
as much as a year.
I mean. junior spring
is so important for college.
and you might
need help with your mother.
Babe. babe.
We'll... We'll be fine.
Okay?
Right. Graci?
Sure. Go for two.
So what exactly is it
that I'm supposed to have done?
Sir. I already told you.
We have questions
regarding the escape
of Prisoner Lee Jung-Gil
and your whereabouts
at that time.
This is bullshit.
Please. right this way.
On your feet. Let's go.
I'd like to file
a complaint.
Oh. my God. Fred. Your face.
Ah. you should see
the other guy.
You mean the one that got away?
Oh. very funny.
I'm glad you're back.
I gotta talk to you
about something.
What? What do you got?
Ooh. did you hook up with that
agro-pod chick again?
No. but she's blowing up
my Newton.
It's fucking impossible
to have a one-night stand
up here.
I warned you. didn't I?
You can't ghost people
on Mars. man.
That shit doesn't work.
You might have to
actually have a second date
one of these nights.
- Shit.
- That's not what
I wanted to talk about.
Okay. So. uh...
So you remember I was.
uh. tracking down
more info on Yoon Tae-Min?
Yeah. unfortunately
my concussion didn't
relieve me of that memory.
- Well. I told the sheriff.
- You didn't.
Yeah. went about
as good as you'd think.
But I'm sure that there's
something else going on.
I mean. all this
off-the-books work at Kuragin.
I think it's being done
by craters.
Okay. well.
I mean. I'm not surprised.
There's. like...
a ton of shit like
that goes on around here.
That's okay with you?
Uh. no.
But. I mean. people gotta
get their cash somehow. right?
Yeah. Well. anyway.
I think Yoon was helping him
with whatever it was
they were unloading out there
that night.
and maybe that's
got something to do
with why he got killed.
- Mmm. Maybe.
- So what's weird is
there is no official record
of the landing or the cargo.
What was in those containers?
That's what I wanna know.
- In the containers?
- Yeah.
I mean. my best guess
would be construction supplies
for the space elevator
construction site
- that's right nearby here.
- That doesn't track.
Okay. well then
it's heroin. Yeah.
Or sex slaves. Nuclear bomb.
One of those three for sure.
Those are very helpful.
Thanks. Fred.
- Yeah. you're welcome.
- Hey. stop. Stop pushing her.
- Then move it.
- I'm going as fast as I can.
Don't you have
better things to do?
This is ridiculous.
We have rights.
We have the right to protest.
- It's the First Amendment.
- This isn't America.
There is no First Amendment.
Stop.
- Come on.
- You guys can't do this.
We have rights.
You ready?
Yeah. and I have no idea
where Alex even is.
It's just not a good time.
so I think I'll have
to step back from Titan.
as much as I hate to.
Walt will be happy.
Yeah. you can tell him
to get started
on the work for Sojourner.
I'll be here for a while.
No. I... I know.
I just need to be here
for my dad.
Looks like it's gonna be
a long road ahead.
Who are you talking to?
Oh. he's up. I'd better go.
- Who was that? Who are you...
- Of course. Thank you.
- Who were you...
- It was Dev. Dad. Okay?
He was just checking in.
Yeah. well.
you need to call him
back right now
and tell him you're absolutely
not stepping down
from the Titan mission.
Okay. please don't get
all worked up. okay?
It's not good for you.
Don't talk to me
like I'm five years old.
You call him back
right now. you hear me?
Dad. listen to me.
There's no way
I can leave you
when you're this sick.
all right?
And I've already
put Dima in touch
with Dr. Karlan...
- Karlan?
- ...from Ames so they can get started.
Now. who the hell's that?
The NASA oncologist
I told you about.
Fucking hell.
She says she can get
the NPs up here
in about a month.
and the radiation might be
a little rough on your system.
but I'll be here
the whole time.
No. I'm not doing
any goddamn treatments.
and you're not stepping down
from the Titan mission.
You hear me?
Dad. I-I need a break.
Yeah. Well. you and me both.
- You okay?
- Yeah. I'm fine.
Come on. man.
- Fuck.
- No AAA on Mars. huh?
What's the problem?
I can't get the fucking
bolt loose from the
power controller mount.
You make sure the main
battery switch was off before
disconnecting the controller?
Of course I did.
Fuck!
Ow.
Mom sent you
to come find me. huh?
- Guilty as charged.
- Yeah. well. I'm fine.
Yeah. I can see that.
You know. your grandfather
is a tough man. If anyone can...
He's dying.
Mom won't admit it.
She has this amazing ability
to just ignore whatever's
right in front of her. But...
He's dying.
I'm sorry.
You know...
my dad died
when he was my age.
58 years old.
I've been thinking about it
a lot lately.
You can try to tip the scales.
Diet. exercise. the works.
But at a certain point...
you have to ask yourself.
"What do I want to do with
the time that I have left?"
And your grandfather.
he made the most
of every moment.
Everyone should be so lucky.
He was always pushing me
to do something with my life.
leave a mark. Or...
I haven't done shit. so...
You will.
Yeah. well.
the last time we talked
it wasn't so...
good.
How so?
Told him
he was a real asshole.
Well. he could definitely
be one on occasion.
I wouldn't beat yourself
up about that.
It's not that. I just...
I just feel like
I'm letting him down.
He loves you. Alex.
Same way my dad loved me.
It's not an easy love.
But sometimes you have to
take things as they are.
not as you want them to be.
And I know it's hard.
but it's gonna be even harder
if you're not there for him.
By his side. Believe me.
And bring food. Never fails.
I'm not gonna
just let her go. Dale.
Why not?
Because we caught her
spray painting "free Mars"
all over Polivanov's hab.
Jesus. Lil.
All right. look.
I'll have a long talk with her
about that.
but she's 18.
Remember what it was like
when you were that age?
I mean. I was taking uppers
and doing donuts
in parking lots.
I was at a military academy
getting the shit
kicked out of me
and learning discipline.
Well. there you go.
Lily's going to Earth
in a couple of months.
She's gonna go to Tulane.
where she'll learn discipline.
Only thing
she's gonna learn there
is how to do keg stands
and read CliffsNotes.
But she'd be out of your hair.
Come on. man.
Something like this
on her record...
...it's really
gonna hurt her future.
Listen. Dale.
I'd like to help you.
I really would.
But. uh. if I was to help you.
I'd need you to help me.
You understand?
Just gonna keep us
in here forever?
They will if
you don't keep quiet.
We didn't even do anything.
Hey. Lil. Is that your dad?
Lily Dale.
What's happening?
You're getting let out.
Congratulations.
No. Just her.
But we both...
Did you wanna go. or no?
No. I'm not...
I'm not leaving without her.
Go. Lily. It's okay.
You sure?
All right. let's go.
I can't believe you.
Vandalizing? So stupid.
How's that supposed
to fix the thing
you're upset about anyway?
If anything.
it's gonna make it worse.
Well. it's better
than doing nothing.
Yeah. well.
I'm glad it won't go
on your record.
- I wouldn't care if it did.
- Well. you should care.
You can't be doing shit
like that.
especially when you're
at college and me
and your mom are up here.
I'm sorry that I'm not just
gonna be complacent
like you are.
Complacent? What the hell
is that supposed to mean?
It means that I see
how people look at you.
and I see how they talk
about you and about
what you did in '03.
But. you know. look at you now.
You're. like.
cozy with the sheriff.
Dad. he's part of the problem.
Come on. we're not...
Would you rather
I just left you in there?
Yes. with my friends
who are literally
still in there.
What if John Adams
had been like. "Yeah. guys.
let's be smart about this.
Everybody. let's...
let's not rile up the king."
Or if Robespierre
had been like...
- Robespierre?
- ..."Everyb"...
Yes. He's a very famous
French revolutionary.
- Who was decapitated.
- That was the price.
Not a great example.
Okay. but...
Lily. you think you know
everything about everything.
but let me tell you something.
You got a lot to learn.
You sound just like Grandpa.
Don't say that. please.
I'm nothing like your grandpa.
Well. you're walking like him.
Yes?
Hi. I'm sorry to bother you.
Uh. I'm looking
for Mahmoud Hesar.
Yeah?
- Mahmoud Hesar?
- Yeah?
I'm so sorry to bother you.
- I was hoping you could...
- You a pecker?
'Cause I already told them
everything I know.
I know Lee Jung-Gil.
- You're friends with Jung-Gil?
- Yeah. and I know how upset his wife is.
Moon-Yeong is sure
that Lee didn't do it.
She did tell me that Lee
and the guy that died. Yoon.
had some sort of disagreement.
and then I heard
that you saw them
arguing that night.
I saw it.
I didn't hear much.
Lee was upset.
So was Yoon.
He barely spoke
our whole shift.
So you work with Yoon
at Kuragin?
I have papers.
No. it's not that.
I don't care about that.
I've been out there at night.
I've seen the cargo containers.
Please tell me what's in them.
I swear I'll leave.
I don't know what
you're talking about.
Now please leave.
Come on.
Hey. step out from there.
Oh. goddamn it.
Oh. sorry. Excuse me.
Hold up.
Hey!
Mom. I'm sorry.
I didn't mean to...
I'm so glad you're here.
Okay. Mom.
Mom. I can't really breathe.
We should. um...
We should go in and see him.
He's been asking for you.
Okay.
He might still be sleeping.
What the hell?
Where is he?
Oh. my God.
- Who?
- My dad.
What do you mean?
He's gone.
He's not in his room.
No. not possible.
Jesus Christ.
we need to find him.
I'll be back.
I checked in
the greenhouse.
He wasn't there.
I don't know. I-I...
No. I'm in the market
right now. I don't...
Okay. Look.
I mean he could be...
Do you think...
I mean. maybe...
Wait. Hold on. hold on.
I-I think I got him.
You can't put any
goddamn Sinatra
on the jukebox. Ilya?
Great choice. Admiral.
You Russians
love you some Elvis. don't you?
The king
of rock and roll.
Another.
I don't know if
it is such a good idea.
Admiral. Please.
Shut your stupid face
and pour me another.
- Hey. Grandpa. hey.
- Hey. kiddo.
- Hey. why don't you come...
- Come on. sit down. Take a load off.
Come on.
- Yeah.
- Ilya.
- Yeah?
- Pour my grandson a drink.
Admiral. he's not of proper age.
Don't give me that bullshit.
You guys put vodka in
baby bottles back home.
You can pour Alex a shot.
- Enjoy.
- Thank you.
Your grandmother.
she loved Elvis.
Really?
Oh. yeah.
We had our first dance
at our wedding to this song.
I wish I got to know her.
She would have loved you
like nothing else.
To Karen.
Incredible.
I see that wasn't the
first time you've done that.
Uh. no comment.
Yeah.
You see that?
He didn't even flinch.
Dad.
Uh-oh. here comes the warden.
Dad. what the hell?
Hey. Kel.
Did you put him up to this?
I swear. I didn't.
I have... have no idea.
Don't lie. Ilya.
- He forced me to come.
- Baldwin.
Come on. let's get you back.
No.
Dad. you're wearing
a hospital gown.
I know.
I-It keeps it nice
and airy down there.
Dad. I'm serious.
Mom. he doesn't want
to go back there.
But he has to. okay? He's...
I guess I'll have one too.
You heard the lady.
Can I have another shot. Ilya?
A-Alex is gonna have one too.
It's gonna be his first shot.
Baldwins.
Cough.
The first drink
he's ever had.
Yeah. yeah. It is.
Yeah.
This image data from
Cassini-5 is fascinating.
Erosion simulation suggests
Titan's methane lakes
might have waves.
Aleida?
Yes?
Sorry.
I have something to tell you.
Lay it on me.
I'm taking your advice.
About going up there.
And they've already started
retrofitting Sojourner
for the trip to Titan and. uh...
Through the launch. I assume?
At least six months.
Thank God.
When do you leave?
On the next transport.
Friday.
Wow. soon.
Very soon.
I'm sorry.
No. it's... it's okay.
It's a big decision
to be away from your family
for that long.
No. that's not...
It's not that.
I mean...
They're okay with me going
and Graciana seemed thrilled.
It's. uh...
It's just. uh...
You should be
the one going up there.
Oh. Don't be silly.
It's true.
Margo. we both know it.
What happened happened
and I'm glad it did.
I wouldn't have it
any other way.
You've done
so much for me. Margo.
Now don't be so hard
on yourself.
I never...
...would have gotten this far
if it wasn't for you.
Well. that's definitely
not true.
And now what?
I'm just. uh...
I'm just gonna leave you here?
That is exactly
what you're gonna do.
More coming through.
Let's go. let's go.
Keep it moving.
Come on.
Goddamn it.
Hey. sounds like she's up.
Who let you in?
Oh. wow.
You just had to top me.
didn't you?
I went out and got
a new shiner. you went out
and got yourself two.
- Typical.
- Mmm. Yeah. I'll loan you one of mine
if you get me
the hell out of here.
I'm real sorry
this happened to you. C.
What the hell were you even
doing down there by yourself?
Not sure. Being an idiot.
All right.
You know. when I first
joined the force.
I didn't even know
if I wanted to be a cop.
Just centrifugal force.
Three generations of Boyds.
That's a lot of Boyds.
They must have
been proud though.
No. not really.
My dad isn't the type and. uh.
my mom never knew.
Ah.
After that. I...
really just got lost
in the work. you know.
Till it bit me in the ass.
Yeah.
Transferred a lot after that
but every place is the same.
It's the same bullshit.
And that's why I thought
if I came up here
where everyone's starting over.
Everything's so new.
Yeah. it turns out everything's
just as fucked here
as anywhere.
I think everyone
eventually figures that out.
We've got to make this work.
It's not like
I can go to Jupiter.
Well. I hear Uranus
is lovely this time of year.
Super hot.
- That's not right.
- Well. the good news is
you'll have plenty of time
to mull it over.
Palmer gave you
six weeks' medical leave.
full pay.
Oh. fuck. fuck.
That is not
the typical response
to paid vacation.
What am I gonna to do.
sitting around?
I don't know. Sit around?
Anyway. um.
if you need anything.
you reach out. okay?
I got you.
- Stanislaus.
- Yeah?
Thanks for stopping by.
It means a lot.
Yeah. you got it.
Mom. when was this one again?
1984.
- My first flying lesson.
- Mmm.
We flew up to Colorado.
You need anything. Dad?
Glass of water?
No. I'm fine.
Thanks for bringing me here.
He's the one
you should be thanking.
Had to twist his arm
just to let you stay here.
Your daughter is more stubborn
than you are.
Oh. I know.
I increased your medication
to help with the pain.
It's the best I can do.
Thanks. doc.
Hey. wait. Where are you going?
Out to take a look at my ship.
Attagirl.
But I can go later
if you need me.
No. it's okay.
I have the boy here
to change my bedpan.
Not a chance.
I'll stop by to check
on you later.
- Get some rest.
- Okay.
- Hey. kiddo.
- Hey. Poppy.
We need to get you
in an airplane.
I can't believe
she didn't show up.
Javi had time to call
from New York.
You can't take it
personally. babe.
When she moves back
in after college
and we can't get rid of her.
we'll miss these days.
Whoa. whoa. Whoa. whoa.
Hi. I... Oh!
- Hey. Mom?
- Yeah?
While you're gone.
can I drive your car?
- No. No.
- Okay.
You hear that? No.
Hey. old girl.
Poppy?
Poppy. are you okay?
I-I can call Dima? Or-Or Mom?
No.
There you go. yeah.
You ready?
Are you sure?
Hey. Skipper.
Are you ready?
How'd you get in here?
- Oh. I have my ways.
- I know you do.
Hey. Shane.
You know where Dad's going?
Yeah.
- I love you.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm